1.

Write a program that prompts the user for an integer and checks whether it is even or odd. If the number is even, print "Number 2 is even.", if it is odd, print "Number 1 is odd.".

Hint:
The program is almost the same as in the previous chapter. The new part is: If the remainder is zero, print "even". If the remainder is one, print "odd". Otherwise print an error message.

Example output:
Enter an integer: 1978
Number 1978 is even.

The verification of program output does not account for whitespace characters like "\n", "\t" and " "


2.

Write a program that first asks the user whether they drink coffee or tea and then how many cups a day. Finally, the program prints a statement in accordance with the following instructions: Coffee 0 to 2 cups: "You don't drink a lot of coffee, do you?", coffee 3-20 cups: "You drink a lot of coffee!", Tea 0-2 cups: "You do not drink a lot of tea.", tea 3-20 cups: "You drink a lot of tea!", Otherwise "An error occurred in the program!" The number of cups shall be processed as an integer variable and the drink as a character variable (c/t). You do not need to account for upper case letters.

Hint:
Spend enough time on program design before you start typing your program. You can get help for the exercise in the learning material for Chapter 4.

Example output:
Do you drink coffee or tea (c/t)?s
How many cups do you drink daily:55
An error occurred in the program!

The verification of program output does not account for whitespace characters like "\n", "\t" and " "


3.

Write a simple calculator program that calculates the difference, sum or product of two numbers. First, the program asks which calculation to perform. After this, the program prompts for the numbers, performs the calculation and prints the result. The selection within the program has to be done using a switch() statement.

Example output:
1: subtraction
2: addition
3: multiplication
Select function:3
Enter the first number:45
Enter the second number:67
45*67=3015

The verification of program output does not account for whitespace characters like "\n", "\t" and " "


